feat(Worklets): update `getting-started` docs page (#8139)
software-mansion/react-native-reanimated: packages/docs-worklets/docs/worklets-babel-plugin/about.md

sidebar_label: 'About'
---

# Worklets Babel Plugin

## What is Worklets Babel Plugin?

> The Worklets Babel Plugin transforms your code so that it can run on the [UI thread](/docs/fundamentals/glossary#ui-thread). It looks for functions marked with a `'worklet';` directive and converts them into serializable objects. We call this process [workletization](/docs/fundamentals/glossary#to-workletize).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Worklets Babel Plugin transforms your code so that it can run on [Worklet Runtimes](link). It looks for functions marked with a `'worklet';` directive and converts them into serializable objects. We call this process [workletization](/docs/fundamentals/glossary#to-workletize).
```

## Autoworkletization

To reduce boilerplate code and provide a safer API, Worklets Babel Plugin detects automatically whether a function should be workletized. Thanks to that, you don't need to add the `'worklet'` directive to your callbacks:

```ts

> const style = useAnimatedStyle(() => {

Reviewer: Let's use `scheduleOnUI` here.

});
```

> This isn't limited to `useAnimatedStyle` hook - Worklets Babel Plugin autoworkletizes all callbacks for the API of Reanimated. The whole list can be found in the [plugin source code](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-reanimated/blob/main/packages/react-native-worklets/plugin/src/autoworkletization.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This isn't limited to `useAnimatedStyle` hook - Worklets Babel Plugin autoworkletizes all callbacks for all its API. It also does some for some callbacks in [React Native Reanimated](link) and [React Native Gesture Handler](link) The whole list can be found in the [plugin source code](https://github.com/software-mansion/react-native-reanimated/blob/main/packages/react-native-worklets/plugin/src/autoworkletization.ts).
```
